Fixed #16010 -- Added Origin header checking to CSRF middleware. (#13829)
django/django: docs/ref/settings.txt

Default: ``[]`` (Empty list)

A list of trusted origins for unsafe requests (e.g. ``POST``).

For a :meth:`secure <django.http.HttpRequest.is_secure>` unsafe
request, Django's CSRF protection requires that the request have a ``Referer``

> header that matches the origin present in the ``Host`` header. This prevents,

Reviewer: (Diff suggestion doesn't really work here...) 

Should this say

```
...requires that the request have an ``Origin`` or ``Referer`` header that matches...
```

?

Author: Not exactly, but you're right this section needs reworking which I have done.

for example, a ``POST`` request from ``subdomain.example.com`` from succeeding
against ``api.example.com``. If you need cross-origin unsafe requests over
HTTPS, continuing the example, add ``"https://subdomain.example.com"`` to this
list (and/or ``http://...`` if requests originate from an insecure page).

The setting also supports subdomains, so you could add
``"https://*.example.com"``, for example, to allow access from all subdomains
of ``example.com``.

.. versionchanged:: 4.0

>     The values in older versions must only include the hostname and not the
>     scheme or an asterisk.

Reviewer: Not sure if we need to mention the `.` for subdomains in the older version: 

```suggestion
    The values in older versions must only include the hostname, with a leading
    period `.` if subdomains are required, but not the scheme or subdomain
    asterisk.
```

I'm +0 here. (Folks can use the docs for their supported version.) Happy if we leave this.

Author: No problem, I've now mentioned the dot.

Default: ``[]`` (Empty list)

A list of trusted origins for unsafe requests (e.g. ``POST``).

For requests that include the ``Origin`` header, Django's CSRF protection
requires that header match the origin present in the ``Host`` header.

For a :meth:`secure <django.http.HttpRequest.is_secure>` unsafe
request that doesn't include the ``Origin`` header, Django's CSRF protection
requires that the request have a ``Referer`` header that matches the origin
present in the ``Host`` header.

These checks prevent, for example, a ``POST`` request from
``subdomain.example.com`` from succeeding against ``api.example.com``. If you
need cross-origin unsafe requests, continuing the example, add

> ``"https://subdomain.example.com"`` to this list (and/or ``http://...`` if

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``'https://subdomain.example.com'`` to this list (and/or ``http://...`` if
```

requests originate from an insecure page).

The setting also supports subdomains, so you could add

> ``"https://*.example.com"``, for example, to allow access from all subdomains

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``'https://*.example.com'``, for example, to allow access from all subdomains
```
